National Preceptor National Preceptor
Your Highnesses, please take a seat
Don't break the rules for the minister
Your Highness
Inherit Wu Escape
If you secretly collude with his letter generals
The armies did not listen to the demolition of the imperial court
I'm afraid there will be endless troubles
Or hurry up
Bring it back to Shangjing
No, then just say it.
I will reverse this inheritance
My comrade, he will not rebel
This is a military family
Enemies are not from all over the place
The forces in the military are intricate
The general who succeeded Qin had a righteous rebellion
That's all.
Inherit my resignation and escape this time
Start with the King of Qin
Directly return the army to Shangjing
Said he was going to rebel
It's not an exaggeration
But but big brother
Don't worry.
In fact, we have not inherited the evidence of my rebellion
Let's get a warrant first
Why do I feel so pitiful about this big brother?
He shouldn't have imagined
Even the imperial teacher
He was also called by Ye Xuan to be a blackface, right?
You actually issued a warrant for your uncle
mother
Uncle, he can only return to Shangjing
To speak clearly
Make it clear
How to make it clear
It is taboo for him to bring troops back to Beijing
Now there are no soldiers
No more hidden battles
Back in Shangjing, only Yan Ren will take care of it.
Rebellion or not
It's not what we say
mother
Then you can reason with Phoenix.
Ye Xuan and Ye Li have been dead before
Half of the ministers in the DPRK do not believe them
Take refuge in the demon clan
Now they're back.
I'm afraid someone is going to urge your father to make a crown prince
In today's form
The imperial teacher is also on their side
We have fewer and fewer chess pieces in our hands
Only rely on your father
No way.
But I can't give the chess pieces to Ye Xuan either
Really can't
Ersheng doesn't want to be that emperor at all
confused
So many years of history books have been read in vain
This emperor is something you can't do if you want to
Why are you getting bigger and more disobedient now?
mother
It's not that the son-in-law is disobedient
And since the founding of the country
Received every day
The most folds are
How many people have demons killed?
The son-in-law wants to find a way to live for the people
Kerson
There is no such ability at all
That doesn't work either
I, Ji Jia, am the hero who fought the world with the former emperor
My father sent Qin
It is a hundred years outside the customs
It was said that he intended to rebel
inexplicable sudden death
The power of the family in the military today
Already great
If you give this throne to Ye Xuan
He can still keep you alive
Really can't
homeopathic rebellion
Also have to